* Overall, we were able to develop a K-means classifier that could help predict future forest fires using other indicators available. The classifier turned out to have 98% accuracy, which could serve to be very useful in detection and prevention of future forest fires.

* We did expect to find some relative accuracy in the classifier because we knew that the variables used in our data would have some correlation, but to achieve such a high level of accuracy is something we didn’t really for-see. Now that we look back at this project in hindsight, we think a major part of why the classifier was able to achieve this number is because of the number of variables we took into account. Allowing _ variables in our classifier would’ve allowed the algorithm to distinguish to an even finer level, possibly being the cause for the greater accuracy

* Being able to predict forest fires in the future using these other variables could be very useful, as it could not only aid in prevention of these fires, but also — on a macro level — contribute to environmental sustainability. In the US, forest fires have doubled since 1985 to cover over 10 million acres of land, hugely snow-balling the process of climate change. Utilising this algorithm to prevent even 10% of these forest fires could have a huge impact on helping sustain our environment. Furthermore, global Oxygen levels, lives of endangered species and even global warming could all see huge improvements by having the ability to predict and prevent future forest fires. We think our algorithm is of great utility in this area and an aspect where utilisation of Data could really contribute.

* In terms of further scope, one aspect that could be looked at is to compare the accuracy of this classifier in different regions. Because data used to create this algorithm was sourced from Canadian regions(which is generally temperate in its climate), it could be interesting to see whether other regions like Africa, Australia or even South America could make use of this algorithm to classify this data. To check the universal validity of this algorithm is an aspect we think is something important to investigate before practical implementation of this algorithm, and hence a possible future question to look at and address.
